Your Majesty doesn't need it.
Unless you can restore the truce.
Otherwise, death is difficult to escape.
She doesn't have this ability.
Let's do it.
Recovery I can recover
Your Majesty, I can restore this armistice.
Death, please believe me.
Bold apples
Your Majesty's name is that you can be honest.
Slow down, she called my name.
That year only my queen was me.
Hello wife.
How can you fix this truce?
Your Majesty.
Don't listen to her.
The ceasefire has been destroyed, how can it be restored?
It's clear that Jubilee's wife did something wrong.
Afraid of death again.
If she can restore the truce,
I'm ready to cut off my head.
Hanging on the wall
sister
Your Majesty, please blow your breath.